---
layout: post
title:  "Ding"
author: "Ryan"
---
This is the first(ish) draft of my most recent workshop. The idea was shamelessly adapted from a friend's experience down in Charleston with how I personally experience social anxiety. Note that although it has technically been workshopped, none of the suggested fixes have yet been incorporated. Details to be reworked include a strange scene in the middle (angels/devils) that was designed to represent an increase in mental stakes visually but kind of came off as too cliched, small edits to the conversation between Lily and Chester to make it less obvious if she's into him or not (which I think is a prime part of my own anxiety,) a small edit towards the end to make Chester a bit more upset about his laptop being thrown into the wall, and some fixing of my tendency to slip into the passive voice. Consider this a sort of work in progress.

---

Garlic doubles were half off at the Steak ‘n Shake in Charleston that day. Four dollars and change for two slabs of well-done steak product, melted cheese product, and garlic substitute infused imitation butter spread. Any more expensive and you’d start to wonder if your money was used effectively; for that price, though, it was some damn ambrosia. Chester Fisher was made aware of this sweet, sweet deal from his roommate Jackson, who, at that moment, smelled of Zelko and sweat.
  
“CHEST. ER.” He clapped after each syllable for accentuation. “GARLIC DOUBLES ARE DUMB CHEAP RIGHT NOW AND MY HEART WON’T LET ME SAY NO.” He clutched a wad of coupons. Brandishing them as a magic wand, he pointed at Chester and sharply rose his arm, willing him to float off his chair and into his car to drive him to the sweet, sweet doubles. Chester looked up from his laptop.
  
“No.”
  
“CHESTER FISHER YOU MOTHERFUCKER.” He beamed the wad of coupons toward the ground. Being paper, the coupons drifted lazily onto the carpet; being drunk, Jackson dove into the ground, beating the coupons. He continued from below, laying his head onto one cheek as to not talk into the floor. “You injured me, Chester.”
  
“I didn’t do a damn thing, you big idiot.”
  
“Drive me to the doubles.”
  
“I said no. I have shit to do. It’s a Tuesday.” In actuality, Chester had approximately zero things to attend to. Homework, yes, but he had calculated long ago that skipping homework in lieu of practicing for his band was much more productive—“T. Cruise” had booked several gigs at the local bars and DIY basements for the coming weeks, and they were an email away from renting a recording studio for a debut that they had kind of planned out during some night in the near past—and practicing could be done at any time. No, Chester was involved with absolutely nothing that night besides a conversation with a girl.
  
Ding. Chester’s eyes snapped to his phone. “Haha that’s funny.” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago. Ding. “Drunk people are hilarious.” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago.
  
“Less hilarious when you have to live with them, haha.” Tap tap tap. Sent. Chester slumped back into his chair, tuning out the confused verbal berating he was receiving from the floor below (they were becoming increasingly more hostile and personal; Chester had registered Jackson saying that he was going to Hell for a variety of reasons, the lack of doubles being the chief one.) Holding his phone above his head, he scrolled back through their conversation thread. He reached their first exchange.
  
“This is Lily!” Lily Sodalis. Received two weeks ago.
  
“Chester.” Sent two weeks ago. They sat next to each other in Intermediate Russian with Boscovich. Their affinity for sitting in the back of lecture halls had united them accidentally, for no one sits in the back of a lecture hall except to explicitly be very, very alone. Their interaction was, therefore, tinged with the forbidden. 
  
“Приятно познакомиться!” Lily Sodalis. Received two weeks ago. Nice to meet you. Chester had racked the inner depths of his Russian for that one—he hadn’t thought a word in the language since Intro Russian.
  
“Da.” Sent two weeks ago. Yes. Chester hadn’t the effort necessary to pull up his Cyrillic keyboard. 
  
“Lol.” Lily Sodalis. Received two weeks ago. They had messaged each other only to exchange contact information for any future studying the two may need to accomplish, since what is Russian but an effective way to get yourself independently depressed if the misery is not shared. Besides, Boscovich doesn’t give out study guides. Your time would better be spent pissing into the wind than studying for one of those exercises in immolation by yourself.
  
Jackson, still writhing on the ground in agony from the distinct lack of initiative shown by Chester to get him grease sponges, managed to kick one of the legs of the coffee table clean off. The leg was attached via hot glue from a previous drunken escapade shared between the roommates, yes, but the sheer force exerted by Jackson to have the leg fly straight to the other side of the room was damn impressive. The sound of the table crashing to the ground startled Chester, and his phone dropped on his nose.
  
“Jackson. What the hell. Quit wriggling.”
  
“YOU MADE THIS HAPPEN.” Jackson’s orange hair, normally swept to the side to allow eyesight, completely covered his face down to his mouth. It was not unreminiscent of talking to some drapes. “STEAK ‘N SHAKE.”
  
“Will a maybe stop you from killing more furniture?”
  
“Yes.” Jackson’s face unclenched, and his lips opened into a great, open-mouthed smile. He had triumphed to the smallest possible degree. “Thanks buddy.”
  
“Yeah.” Chester had no intentions of driving the fifteen minutes for the burgers. Drastic measures must occasionally be taken to stop destruction, however. “Jackson just fucking kicked the leg off our table.” Tap tap tap. Sent. He had to wipe the grease smudge off of his phone that was streaked on from the prior nasal scrape.
  
Ding. “Oh no, lol. Sounds like you can’t do much over there right now.” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago.
  
“Yeah, haha.” Tap tap tap. Sent. Chester looked up. Jackson was perfectly still, hair shielding his face from view, occasionally stirred from exhalation. He had passed out in record time for a Tuesday. “He already fucking passed out.” Tap tap tap. Sent.
  
Ding. “Oh my goodness. How’d you end up with him?” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago.
  
“Soul bonding.” Tap tap tap. Sent. Chester needed a place to stay in the new semester and no one else came to mind. Soul bonding came across much better.
  
Ding. “Haha oh.” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago. Chester put down his phone and went to the kitchen to brew some green tea. The conversation was growing pained as hell, anyway, and cup of tea allowed an almost-reasonable-enough excuse to not talk. Ding. He ignored the phone as he filled the kettle from the tap and placed it on the stove. He read the box of tea bags as the water simmered. The fuck kind of antioxidants does a cup of tea give, he wondered. Why aren’t I healthy from this shit yet. And why is my tea never green. Am I doing it wrong or is this box trying to gaslight me. Ding. God damn it I’m busy stop trying to get to me.
  
The kettle whistled. Chester removed it from the stove and dumped approximately enough water into his mug (“#1 Mom,” it said, as he had thrifted it several weeks ago for the irony.) He plopped in a teabag and continued fucking around in the kitchen. He encountered a Zelko spill on the countertop. Fucking slob, he thought, as he grabbed a paper towel and gave the puddle a swipe. He threw away the paper towel, and, noticing that his tea looked kind of steeped enough, took out the bag and deposited it on the counter, taking a deep sip from his tea afterwards.
  
Ding. Jesus Christ what do you want Lily. He, in a huff, picked up his phone. “I met my roommate in high school.” Lily Sodalis. Received twenty minutes ago. “We weren’t like super close but we both went here so we thought why not.” Lily Sodalis. Received fifteen minutes ago. “You there?” Lily Sodalis. Received a minute ago. Chester was quite overwhelmed from the persistence of this girl; good intentioned, yes, and obviously smart, but damn. He wasn’t ready for all this attention.
 
“Yeah.” Tap tap tap. Sent. Why am I still talking to her, he thought, leaning against the wall where their poster of Jeff Goldblum was taped (slightly sideways.) There was nothing to dislike about her on the surface. Hell, she probably would have given Chester some damn fine companionship. Talking is effort, however; social contact even more so.

 Ding. “You wanna come over and study with me?” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago. Cue the effort. Fuck, Chester thought. She didn’t have to ask that. Why did she have to ask that? His heartrate had already shifted into maximum overdrive. He felt something close to betrayal. Now I’m fucking hooked into this fuck fuck fuck. For someone he did not seem to particularly care about strongly, his reaction was all too strong. He paced. He came up with the perfect response:
 
“Why?” Tap tap tap. Sent. That was dumb as hell, he thought.

Ding. “For Boscovich’s exam in a week? Verb forms don’t learn themselves haha.” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago. 
“True.” Tap tap tap. Sent. Chester flipped through his brain frantically for possible excuses to flake. Other work? Already told her I had nothing to do. Take care of Jackson? He’s already passed out and never vomits anyway. Sick? Dumb as hell. Had to practice for T. Cruise’s upcoming debut? There’s nothing to practice. Had to actually write the material for T. Cruise’s debut? She’d ask to help because she likes the same damn music. Chester was, to put it lightly, thoroughly screwed here.

To reiterate, there was no particular reason for this episode of overwhelming anxiety. The two had previously gotten along quite famously; in lecture, Chester would mimic Boscovich’s thick accent under thin whispers, and Lily would return them with what she had figured his wife would sound like (husky, for the record; closer to a pack-a-day smoker than a pretty blonde lady.) They had messaged each other at length about Russian, Chester’s only noteworthy hobby (T. Cruise,) and one of Lily’s points of interest (a near-encyclopedic knowledge of early twentieth century cartoons.) One might say that the two had hit it off—and yet overcoming this geographic barrier meant the loss of something intangible to Chester.

Ding. “So, yeah?” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago. Crisis was impending. Chester went to grab his shoes; he’d drive around for a bit to clear his head and then decide once the repetition calmed his brain enough to think like an actual person. 
  
“Hold on.” Tap tap tap. Sent. He exited through the front door. He reentered through the front door to grab his keys. He exited through the front door. He reentered through the front door to steal Jackson’s coupons, laying pretty on the ground next to the sleeping beauty. He exited through the front door. He tuned the receiver to play music through his phone. On came “Gumbo,” the demo he had recorded several years back while he was still in Pennsylvania. It was still the only thing he made that he was proud of.
  
Ding. “You don’t have to today if you don’t want to, lol. Just would be nice to get some studying out of the way.” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago. She’s only saying that. It will never be the same if you don’t go and you know it. Chester had quite the talent in convincing himself of untruths. He backed out of the driveway haphazardly enough to make Sam, his neighbor who was walking her Shih Tzu on the sidewalk, pause.
  
“Yo Chester, you alright?”
  
“Never fucking better!” He pulled off. He saw Sam in the rearview mirror staring at him until he rounded a corner. She’ll deal with the language.
  
Ding. “You coming?” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago. He had been following a set of streets encircling an old graveyard for, like, fifteen minutes, and his mind was not at all calm yet. This won’t even be that bad why am I so worried, he thought, as he pulled to the side of the street and typed out a reply.
  
“Sorry. This isn’t going well, hold on.” Tap tap tap. Sent. He exited the side street to go back to the main thoroughfare.
  
Ding. “Aw I’m sorry. If you want to come later, I’m at 2 River Drive. No worries though!” Lily Sodalis. Received less than a minute ago. This, to most, would have been a relief; Chester, on the other hand, did not see it as such. He took it as an obligation to punch in the address and have his phone maybe take him there. The route, serendipitously, was nearly the same route to the Steak ‘n Shake.
  
Ding. Chester stopped reading the messages. If I don’t read them, I may have some plausible deniability here. I wouldn’t be lying if I said that I hadn’t seen her messages. The light was coming. Fuck, he thought.
  
Ding. God damn it how can one person possibly have so much to say. He was at the light, which had just shifted from yellow as he was (slowly) pulling up. There was no left turn lane; this was where he must make a choice. His thoughts, struggling to make sense of the situation, became a damn cliché and manifested themselves as an opposing angel and devil on his shoulders. They had each gathered massive expeditionary forces, the angels wearing shining body armor and the devils looking…red.
  
How do you expect to get through months of Russian sitting next to her, the angel cried in some variety of motivational speech to her troops.
  
Just drop the class, the devil retorted, rallying his own soldiers to stand in formation to prepare for an onslaught. Russian is only a passing interest. You’ll be sick of it soon anyway and switch to Japanese or something. Remember when you were convinced that you would learn French and major in film and specialize in French New Wave?
  
Chester’s leg was bouncing uncontrollably, accidentally pumping the breaks.
  
Dropping the class is admitting defeat! The angel’s army stood in formations of their own, mirroring the devil’s soldiers. You have to find a girl and a passion eventually!
  
According to whom? His time in this universe is insignificant! Nothing he does matters a damn bit! Hell, what if he’s gay!
  
Chester’s grip on the steering wheel was uncomfortably tight.
  
It matters to him! He’s the one who’s spending his time! And I’m sure he’s certain that he isn’t gay!
  
Who says that she has to be a love interest? They started talking, like, two weeks ago! Let them be friends without imposing!
  
The spots around his eyes felt swollen. If he were to sob uncontrollably, there would probably be some amount of relief. No tears were able to come.
  
I agree, actually. War is always fought on common ground, or something to that effect.
  
Is this even about the girl anymore? Damn the girl! Let him get the doubles!
  
Never! Live a fulfilling life! See the damn girl! Make some god damned friends!
  
His stomach lurched along to his inner monologue, every new thought, word, or picture giving his body a new reason to revolt.
  
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! The devil’s army advanced towards the angel’s, uttering a battle cry.
  
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! The angels did the same. They were about to clash in the middle in a battle that had embroiled the entirety of Chester’s head.
  
“AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!” Chester emitted a guttural scream. The middle-aged lady in the Volvo next to him gave a concerned look that transitioned into a “damn kids” look before peeling away. The light had turned green. His mind went blank; he had entered fight or flight mode. He hardly registered the honks behind him as he floored the pedal and went straight, the turn to Lily’s fading beyond the reaches of his rearview mirror.
  
“Recalculating.” How cute. His phone thought the best of him and assumed that he had only missed his turn accidentally, not utterly avoided it in a panic attack.
  
His mind was empty. Not calm, as one reaches during meditation; nor soft, as one reaches just before sleep as white noise fades and eyes conjure shapeless blobs of light. No. It was vacant, as if a child had taken an ice cream scoop and gouged out his cerebrum. His path towards the Steak ‘n Shake was purely instinctual, as the orange glow of the sunset on the palmettos gave way to the streetlamps’ harsh LEDs and the Steak ‘n Shake’s neon sign. At some point—who knows when exactly—he managed to get through the drive-thru and order. He forgot to use the coupons.
  
He screamed into the void. The void screamed back.
  
“Take your damn doubles.” The lady held the bag containing them at her arm’s maximum reach by the tips of her fingers as though the bag were full of her dog’s shit. Chester took the bag and flung it into the passenger seat, speeding out of the drive-thru and back onto the main road. His phone was silent the rest of the way home.
  
Upon entering, he had found that Jackson was no longer sprawled on the ground; he had woken up and moved himself to the couch, where he was watching anime and laughing slightly too much at it. Chester tossed him a double.
  
“WHAT.” Despite his impairment, Jackson made the catch. “YOU ARE A DAMN GOD.” He ripped the foil off and shoved the thing into his mouth.
  
Chester didn’t answer. He sulked to his room and, taking a bite of his own double, opened up his laptop. He navigated to the registration site. He opened three tabs: the first, a change of major page, with Japanese Language and Culture selected from the drop-down; the second, a schedule adjustment tool, with which he would switch into introductory Japanese and drop Russian; the third, Elliott Smith’s Either/Or, which he would play in its entirety as he cried himself to sleep. He readied the tabs, and he would click through each one in succession to upend his life in one fell swoop. This is how he would avoid taking charge.
  
Jackson stumbled in before Elliott buffered enough on the shitty Wi-Fi to play. As drunk as he still was, he saw enough Chester life upheavals to know what was about to happen, even before Chester slammed the laptop closed and pretended to have not been doing anything. In a grand, bumbling motion, Jackson leapt onto Chester’s bed, scooped up the laptop before Chester could process anything, and flung the thing at the wall. “NO,” Jackson said. “BE A PERSON.” 
  
Chester, lacking the strength to be any mode of upset at Jackson for drunkenly flinging his personal property, sighed. He pulled out his phone. If he couldn’t remove himself from this mess, he might as well try to savage it.
  
“I’m a damn idiot.” Tap tap tap. Sent.
  
Ding. “I know :) See you at Boscovich’s.” Received less than a minute ago.
